I know a girl by the name of Ray the
lights can Porter he cannot go meet her
the way she moves I can't you know what
she's a porno flick on a dance floor
twisted journey trips the sweat a little
baseball read his way when she's through
fellas block to her girls clap while the
beaches rocking side to side the Beagle
face the power breaks north giving
readers face big butt moving in shoulder
pad
so the ladies
dangerous
she ventured
she's dangerous
that makes a big bucks swinging left to
right and back right to left the video
Venus don't miss the step she wears
leather and lace I serve either fat and
you're like are you loving a lovely flat
and on and on
she'll never stop it's party time and
she wants to rock one by one her buttons
drop littlewiggle in the middle know
what top debate writer read a jump sheet
hump pumps and bumps up chunks fellas
flopped up three or four two of them you
can't take no more
oh he's ready readers rated Triple X on
the dance floor she's having jack taking
them on two at a time
I'll lift the hips and a big behind
what's this French kiss excuse me miss
regions not having it but I
move your blood to prep your chesty a
big old butt back to Rita and the test
will for shaking and shaking it all
night long
keep it up dance how long can you last
the temples fat shake that ass move it
move it every position flow go no
information in the cloud is drawing that
was drooling girl can you do what Rita's
doing host I'll loosen wanna found me
while you'll smile at your headphones
I'll she's dangerous or
she's dangerous on the dance floor
she's dangerous sort of dance
she's dangerous
got stopped to watch the x-rated chance
some ashamed by the stance in the pants
your hostile my job function sweet pan
like a golf in the fine D she-wolf
butter hugs is there was nothing to
block my vices of others when Jimmy it
clogs no a good show cuz they're all
attracted to a over the shoulder Boulder
holder strap in the back end back to
reality
back to light back to the feature Friday
night hurt me hurt me work so why people
can't party until surprise don't slip
don't trip just pose a grip she's free
to go see if she's bullying
up it down stopping a feet against the
ground guys I flew to a size five
through size 9 inches high the Latinist
and some callers just wish it as they
forces acting you broke the zipper oh
he's ready readers ready giving you more
she's not at some local video store
she's dangerous
she's dangerous old man
late this fall pouncing off the wall
reader won't drop cause she's having a
ball this urban Queen wills to him how
seeing we mean full exceed breaking on
back then and on the block in the middle
of the dance floor you'll get live free
disrupt it leave alone she get you on
the bone
send your home or mostly come
performance art on the mark meters way
to start in the world leader will do
she's in the moon
dougies dancer she does his best six
feet under arrest
six a night wonder behind just like fine
wine she improves with time from dawn to
dusk she'll do it all night
hope you can see it this Friday night
but if you can't don't get uptight yost
opinion eyes on her with the mic at
night crank it crank it pump that thing
reaches wearing leather late
pig but swing it from left to right
tripping it's cooking on a Friday night
she's really gonna feel like give me the
time running on your meter to meet you
Rita
we Timon
working to the bone if you like you
should take your home to a 10-ounce
apartment on friggin wrong till the
afternoon when you ask them this he
can't see where has your finish the
groove me movie movie starring Rita and
her booty us
CP who could ask for more she's
dangerous on the
dangerous on the dance
dangerous
dangerous on the dance floor
she dangerous on the dance floor
she's dangerous on the dance floor